Lin Fan, I have a bad feeling
I always have a feeling that something will go wrong at this temple fair today
Ziqing River
Just put your heart in your stomach
Don't you still have me?
Ah Qinghe
Long time no see!
I heard Lin Fan brainwash you
Why is Xu Aoyu like a bullshit plaster?
It's you everywhere.
Qiao Qinghe, I advise you to understand the situation
Today's auction is Lao Tzu's home court
30 minutes left
After 30 minutes
My godfather would hand us the winning bid
I'll give you a chance.
Now go to my bed and wait for me.
Who owns Dawan Square?
What he said today doesn't count
The Lieutenant Governor said it doesn't count
Could it be that you have the final say?
You don't deserve to eat it.
Qinghe
Here we go.
The dog will be born to you later
Excuse me.
Are you Ms. Qiao Qinghe, the representative of Qiao's Group?
Yes, I am.
The bidding will start soon.
The Joe Group has not yet submitted a tender
Do you want to give up the auction?
What!
Don't look for my sister.
I already delivered the tender
Xiao Weiwei, are you in a hurry?
I'll tell you why the bid on my desk is missing
Of course I know.
I want to surprise my sister, right?
Xiao Weiwei, what are you doing?
Do you know
How important this golden book is to the Qiao family
What if something goes wrong?
What if it goes wrong?
Introduce Joe Weiwei
Meritorious employees of our Xu Group
The future president of the Joe Group